Document the default Button layout (#34750)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/html/element/button/index.md

While `<button type="button">` has no default behavior, event handlers can be scripted to trigger behaviors. An activated button can perform programmable actions using [JavaScript](/en-US/docs/Learn/JavaScript), such as removing an item from a list.

> ### Button layout
> 
> The default layout of a button changes depending on the {{cssxref("display") }} value. Most notably when the value is not
> `inline-grid`, `grid`, `inline-flex`, or `flex` then children are centered (horizontally and vertically) as long as they
> do not overflow.
> 
> - [Button Rendering HTML Living Standard](https://html.spec.whatwg.org/multipage/rendering.html#button-layout)
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, user agents style buttons as `display: flow-root`, which establishes a new [block formatting context](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/CSS_display/Block_formatting_context) and centers the button's children both horizontally and vertically as long as they do not overflow. If the button is defined as a flex or grid container, the children will behave as flex or grid items. A button set to `display: inline` will be styled as if the value were set to `display: inline-block`. 

```

how does this sound?
i added a PR to add button to BFC page: https://github.com/mdn/content/pull/34762
